There once was an animator named Geoffery. He was an lazy worker that had little success in his professional career. To put it plainly, he was bad at his job. One day, he went to an animation competition to try and prove himself. Geoffery had spent the past month wracking his brains for something to animate, and he had finally decided on a robot. On that morning, he walked into the convention center, only to be instantly dismayed by the thousands of other animators and artists that also competing. He walked through the front doors into the main building, and sat in a corner, nervously waiting for the event to start.

Suddenly a chiwawa appeared bathed in heavenly glow. He told Geoffery that he had great talents in him. Talents so great that a sorceress had cursed him to stay lazy for she had feared his powers.The chiwawa told the animator that he possesed the power to get inside any animation or dimension he liked. The chiwawa then lifted his curse of laziness and set Geofferey free. The first thing that the animator did is that he went inside old yeller and saved the dog from getting shot.

After he got back from the land of Old Yeller, he decided it was time to win
this competition. He went to work, furiously working on the best animation he 
had every seen in his life. It was smooth and seemless, completely flawless. 
When the competition was over he had come out victorious. He now had a nice 
trophy, the hefty check that came with the win, and he had saved his reputation
as an animator. As he posed for the picture with his wonderful new trophy, he 
smiled as the cameras shuttered. But something was off. The shutter of the 
cameras quickly turned to a constant beeping, getting louder and louder in his
ears. He wanted the annoying noise to stop, but it wouldn't. Finally, he was 
startled awake by his alarm, clutching a bottle of vodka.

However, next to the bottle of vodka, there were also piles of an uncountable number of tropies. The truth is that Geoffery was actually a very successfull animator; he lost his motivation to do anymore work because no one could ever surpass his success. However, the dream actually lighted something in his head. Geoffery jumped on his elephant pet named 'chiwawa' leaving his house for the first time in a century. The place he visited was his old animation office. His goal was to burned that office and all of his original works to the ground. He basically thought that if he could burn down everything he had then he will have to start from zero again, which is what he really wanted. Watching the building burning, the alarm clock once again woke Geoffery, clutching a bottle of vodka, from his sweetest dream.

Disappointed once again, Geoffery slowly opened his eyes. The sunlight, peering through the blinds, painfully pierced his vision. As his room came into focus, he saw that it was the same as always. The fainted yellow walls suffocated him, and the cramped desk with his dust-coated laptop mocked him. Geoffery wanted so badly for either of his dreams to be true. Anything was better than his current situation, he thought. But, like most of Geoffery's life, he did not get what he wanted. A screeching of rubber and deafening crash outside his window brought him, stumbling, to his feet. Looking out the window, Geoffery saw that a semi truck, carrying cheap toy robots, had collided with another vehicle. The merchandise littered the streets, some even turning on. Geoffery turned his head to look at his desk, then the street, and then the desk again. Perhaps there was some spark, some idea. Or perhaps there was not. But as he turned again to his desk, regardlesss of the outcome, Geoffery felt a shred of purpose again, if only for those next ten steps to his chair.
